>> Using a chant, that tumor,
in real time begins to fade,
and then it's gone.
>> The bottom line is,
everybody is psychic,
whether you know it or not.
>> All humans are
born with abilities.
>> The meaning of
it all, I think,
is going to get a
lot more interesting.
>> Channeling in the
brain is called gamma,
between 40 and 100
cycles per second.
>> The pineal gland allows us to
discern other levels of cosmic
intelligence.
>> Lucid dreaming allows you
to rewire your brain while you
sleep.
>> The whole universe is
mathematical vibration.
>> The chakras take into
consideration plexuses
of the nervous system.
>> There's 1.8 million words
of science published right now
on remote viewing.
>> We're so much more than
we've been led to believe.
And as we accept
that into our lives--
[VIOLIN PLAYING]
--we become the instruments of
healing and peace in our world.
[DRAMATIC ORCHESTRAL MUSIC]